README.md, before:

# gitgames
Games to build Git Skills

## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [How to Play](#how-to-play)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview
Provide a brief description of the project. Explain the purpose of the repository and how it helps users build Git skills.

## Features
Highlight the key features of the project. For example:
- Interactive Git games
- Tutorials for beginners
- Challenges for advanced users

## Installation
Provide step-by-step instructions on how to install and run the project locally. For example:
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/brempong77/gitgames.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd gitgames
   ```
3. Add any additional setup instructions here, like installing dependencies.

## How to Play
Explain how users can use the project. For example:
- Describe the rules of the game.
- Provide examples or screenshots of gameplay.

## Contributing
Encourage contributions and explain how users can contribute. For example:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature-name
   ```
3. Make your changes and commit them:
   ```bash
   git commit -m "Description of changes"
   ```
4. Push the changes to your fork:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature-name
   ```
5. Open a pull request on GitHub.

## License
State the license under which the project is distributed. For example:
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Acknowledgments
Mention any resources, tools, or individuals that helped in creating the project.

---

You can customize this template based on the specifics of your project. Let me know if you’d like help filling in any of the sections!

Commit message:

Updated features, Installation, Contribution, License & Acknowledgment

README.md, after:

# gitgames

## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [How to Play](#how-to-play)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview
Games centered around Git to build Git skills as part of the DevOps cycle .

## Features
- Git tutorials for beginners

## Installation

Prerequisite: 
Install git 
(Windows) https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/releases/download/v2.49.0.windows.1/Git-2.49.0-64-bit.exe
(Mac) https://git-scm.com/downloads/mac

Provide step-by-step instructions on how to install and run the project locally. For example:
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/brempong77/gitgames.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd gitgames
   ```
3. Add any additional setup instructions here, like installing dependencies.

## How to Play
Explain how users can use the project. For example:
- Describe the rules of the game.
- Provide examples or screenshots of gameplay.

## Contributing
For contribution, follow the below:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature-name
   ```
3. Make your changes and commit them:
   ```bash
   git commit -m "Description of changes"
   ```
4. Push the changes to your fork:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature-name
   ```
5. Open a pull request on GitHub.

## License

This project is licensed Detrea Hayes.

## Acknowledgments
Coming Soon!
